docs: provide context around reverse proxy config (#501)
nextcloud/all-in-one: reverse-proxy.md

## Reverse Proxy Documentation

> **ℹ️ INFO:** `nextcloud/all-in-one` assumes that your reverse proxy is installed directly on the host, not inside a separate docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ℹ️ INFO:** Nextcloud AIO assumes that your reverse proxy is installed directly on the host, not inside a separate docker container. If you want to run the reverse proxy inside a docker container, you can do so by using the `--network host` option when starting the reverse proxy container.
```
